docs(auth): update to include email mfa (#8023)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/auth/modify-resources-with-cdk/index.mdx

};
```

## Override Cognito UserPool multi-factor authentication options
While Email MFA is not yet supported with `defineAuth`, this feature can be enabled by modifying the underlying CDK construct.

Start by ensuring your `defineAuth` resource configuration includes a compatible account recovery option and a custom SES sender.

```ts title="amplify/auth/resource.ts"
import { defineAuth } from "@aws-amplify/backend"

/**
 * Define and configure your auth resource
 * @see https://docs.amplify.aws/gen2/build-a-backend/auth
 */
export const auth = defineAuth({
  loginWith: {
    email: true,
    phone: true,
  },
  multifactor: {
    mode: "OPTIONAL",
    sms: true,
    totp: false,
  },
  // Important! The logic to resolve this value cannot determine whether email mfa is enabled when overriding the resource. 
  // Be sure to pick a recovery option appropriate for your application.
  accountRecovery: "EMAIL_AND_PHONE_WITHOUT_MFA",
  senders: {
    email: {
      fromEmail: "registrations@example.com",
    },
  },
})
```

> Next, extend the underlying CDK construct by activating Advanced Security Mode and adding `EMAIL_OTP` to the enabled MFA options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, extend the underlying CDK construct by activating [Amazon Cognito's Advanced Security Features (ASF)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cognito/latest/developerguide/cognito-user-pool-settings-advanced-security.html) and add `EMAIL_OTP` to the enabled MFA options.
```

```ts title="amplify/backend.ts"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
